fix!: changed paddings in sfselect (#2864)
vuestorefront/storefront-ui: .changeset/fresh-emus-care.md

---
'@storefront-ui/react': major
'@storefront-ui/vue': major
---

> Breaking Change - Padding left adn rigth in SfSelect changed from 14px and 16px to 12px

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Breaking Change - Padding left and right in SfSelect changed from 14px and 16px to 12px
```
